TALOS PRACTICE 1
The Beauty of CSS Design
A DEMONSTRATION OF WHAT CAN BE ACCOMPLISHED THROUGH CSS-BASED DESIGN. SED UT PERSPICIATIS UNDE OMNIS ISTE NATUS ERROR SIT
AT VERO EOS ET ACCUSAMUS ET IUSTO ODIO DIGNISSIMOS DUCIMUS QUI BLANDITIIS
The Road to Enlightenment
Littering a dark and dreary road lay the past relics of browser-specific tags, incompatible DOMs, broken CSS support, and abandoned browsers.
We must clear the mind of the past. Web enlightenment has been achieved thanks to the tireless efforts of folk like the W3C, WaSP, and the major browser creators.
The CSS Talos Digital invites you to relax and meditate on the important lessons of the masters. Begin to see with clarity. Learn to use the time-honored techniques in new and invigorating fashion. Become one with the web.
So What is This About?
There is a continuing need to show the power of CSS. Talos aims to excite, inspire, and encourage participation. To begin, view some of the existing designs in the list. The HTML remains the same, the only thing that has changed is the external CSS file. Yes, really.
CSS allows complete and total control over the style of a hypertext document. The only way this can be illustrated in a way that gets people excited is by demonstrating what it can truly be, once the reins are placed in the hands of those able to create beauty from structure. Designers and coders alike have contributed to the beauty of the web; we can always push it further.
Participation
Strong visual design has always been our focus. You are modifying this page, so strong CSS skills are necessary.
You may modify the style sheet in any way you wish, but not the HTML. This may seem daunting at first if you’ve never worked this way before.
Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni
Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni
Benefits
Why participate? For recognition, inspiration, and a resource we can all refer to showing people how amazing CSS really can be. This site serves as equal parts inspiration for those working on the web today, learning tool for those who will be tomorrow, and gallery of future techniques we can all look forward to.
Requirements
Where possible, we would like to see mostly CSS 1 & 2 usage. CSS 3 & 4 should be limited to widely-supported elements only, or strong fallbacks should be provided. The CSS Talos Digital is about functional, practical CSS and not the latest bleeding-edge tricks viewable by 2% of the browsing public. The only real requirement we have is that your CSS validates.
Luckily, designing this way shows how well various browsers have implemented CSS by now. When sticking to the guidelines you should see fairly consistent results across most modern browsers. Due to the sheer number of user agents on the web these days — especially when you factor in mobile — pixel-perfect layouts may not be possible across every platform. That’s okay, but do test in as many as you can. Your design should work in at least IE9+ and the latest Chrome, Firefox, iOS and Android browsers (run by over 90% of the population).
We ask that you submit original artwork. Please respect copyright laws. Please keep objectionable material to a minimum, and try to incorporate unique and interesting visual themes to your work. We’re well past the point of needing another talos-related design.
This is a learning exercise as well as a demonstration. You retain full copyright on your graphics (with limited exceptions
BY SERGIO GRANADA. NOW AVAILABLE: TALOS DIGITAL, THE TRAINING COURSE.
HTML CSS
List Sample Section 1
List item using counter
List item using counter
List item using counter
List item using counter
List item using counter
List item using counter
